# UCLA-REU-Code
## Purpose: Collect data on upper limb tasks using camera's, a gyroscope and an accelerometer.  This data can then be fed into a hidden markov model to train a model to help humans learn upper body skills with applications in physical therapy, training and education.
### The python file, main.py, is meant to be run a RasberryPI with an attached gyroscope and accelerometer. 
### The c++ code and the python code communicate with each other through sockets and use their IP addresses to identify each other. Therefore both devices must connected to the same network(note some networks that scramble IP addresses such as eduroam will not work for this) and the IP address in the c++ file must be changed to the IP address of the RasberryPI.
### The c++ code does a significant amount of it's work using 2 web cameras set up in parellel 3 centimeters apart.
### The current experimental setup is a RasberryPI with a gyroscope and accelerometer attached onto the participants wrist and two cameras 35 centimeters above a grid of white squares, this is to help the participant remember lego locations and the program does not use this.  The task is for the participant, after looking at the memorizing the initial setup, to put the legos back in the same positions after fifteen seconds.  To run the experiment start the RasberryPI's code first, then place the legos on the grid, making sure the legos are in both cameras field of view.  Now run c++ code and let the participant memorize the legos for as long as they like.  When they say they are done click any key while in the program.  Immediately remove the legos and wait for the program to print "Begin".  When it does let the participant place the legos back in the grid.  When they say they are done press 'q' in thr program.  Now it should display the results of the run and display the initial legos position in green and the end positions in red.  Now click any key and remove the legos from the grid.  Wait until the program prints "Begin" and let the participant place legos.  Repeat to preference.  Terminate the program when finished.
### Data from each run is stored in Data.txt in comma seperated format
### To disable RasberryPI connectivity comment out: legoPlaced = sendHandToRasberryPI(movement != STILL && temp != STILL); and setUpRasberry();
